--
This file is part of Xdo. 
Copyright © 2009 Marvin Gülker
  Initia in potestate nostra sunt, de eventu fortuna iudicat. 
++
=XDo
XDo is a library to simmulate keyboard and mouse input and manipulating windows on the X server. 
It's wrapped around the command-line tools xdotool[http://www.semicomplete.com/projects/xdotool/], 
xsel[http://linux.die.net/man/1/xsel], xwininfo[http://linux.die.net/man/1/xwininfo], ecject[http://linux.die.net/man/1/eject] and xkill[http://linux.die.net/man/1/xkill], 
so you will need to have them installed if you want to use Xdo (even if xsel, xwininfo, eject and xkill are usually already installed). 
If not, as an Ubuntu or Debian user try to install them via 
  sudo apt-get install xdotool xsel xwininfo eject xkill
After they're installed, install XDo via RubyGems: 
  sudo gem install xdo
If you want to run the tests, change to the gem's installation directory and type "rake test". 
Keep in mind that, while the tests run, you won't be able to use your computer, since they take control 
of all things XDo is able to. 
==Usage
  #Require some of XDo's files
  require "xdo/keyboard"
  require "xdo/mouse"
  require "xdo/xwindow"
  #Move the cursor
  XDo::Mouse.move(100, 100)
  #Simulate text (with special escape sequences!)
  XDo::Keyboard.simulate("This is{TAB}text.")
  #And this will move a window containing the string "gedit", 
  #unless it's maximized. 
  win = XDo::XWindow.from_name("gedit")
  win.move(200, 200)
==Files
You can require the following files in your projects: 
* xdo/clipboard: Clipboard access
* xdo/drive: Get control of CD/DVD devices
* xdo/keyboard: Pretty self-explaining
* xdo/mouse: Automate the mouse
* xdo/xwindow: Manipulate windows in various ways
As an helpful extra, I created an executable ruby file "xinfo.rb". Thanks to RubyGems, 
you can start this GUI tool right from the command line by typing: 
  xinfo.rb
It's by far not perfect, maybe not even good, but I think it can be useful sometimes 
(you will need to have wxRuby installed, try <tt>sudo gem install wxruby-ruby19</tt>). 
If you're looking for a more professional program, try the "X window information" tool. 
==Notes
* +xdotool+ rejects to accept the --window option although it's documented, so you can't use the +w_id+ parameter of many methods in XDo::Keyboard. 
* I recommand the "X window information" tool to get infos about your windows if you aren't satisfied by the xinfo.rb shipped with this package. 
==Fairly incomplete
* I'm sure there are several things I didn't notice that can be automated somehow. If you know about, email me! Please add a description of the possibilities and a sample script (but don't expect that I will understand it - I only speak Ruby fluently, a bit C and a bit sh ;-) )
* Another interesting thing are the samples. There are many Linux distrubitions out there, and even many of them rely on X. I cannot test with another than a recent Ubuntu machine, but if you want to contribute and send samples for another OS, I want to encourage you to - I surely won't reject your work. :-)
==License/Copyright
  Copyright © 2009 Marvin Gülker
  This library is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it 
  under the terms of Ruby's license (see http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/LICENSE.txt). 
  You can contact me at sutniuq ät gmx Dot net. 
  Initia in potestate nostra sunt, de eventu fortuna iudicat. 
