=au3
<tt>.au3</tt> is the usual file extension for {AutoIt version 3}[http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/index.shtml] 
scripts. That this library uses it as its name, tells a lot about 
its features. Basically, the +au3+ library can do everything 
you can do with the <tt>.au3</tt> files: 
* Automate the mouse
* Automate the keyboard
* Manipulate Windows
* etc. 
However, there a a few exceptions, since +au3+ doesn't use 
the AutoIt v3 interpreter behind the scenes. Instead, +au3+ is wrapped 
around the DLL interface of AutoIt3, known as AutoItX3. 
Since au3 uses AutoItX3, you have to install that library. 
Get AutoIt from http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/index.shtml 
and search the "AutoItX" subdirectory for the file 
"AutoItX3.dll" and copy it to the directory your script resides in. 
==Usage
The majority of +au3+'s methods is bundled the AutoItX3 module 
and accessable via it's module methods. In order to get them, 
just require +au3+: 
  require "rubygems" #If you're running pre-1.9
  require "au3"
  
  AutoItX3.move_mouse(100, 100)
The window-related methods are put together in the 
AutoItX3::Window class. That allows you to create 
Rubyish Window objects rather than using the procedural 
function interface of AutoItX3. You needn't have to require them 
extra. 
  require "rubygems" #If you're running pre-1.9
  require "au3"
  
  window = AutoItX3::Window.new("README.rdoc")
  window.close
Version 3 of AutoIt is known for its capabilities of direct 
interaction with a window's controls. You will find this methods 
wrapped in the AutoItX3::Control class. 
  require "rubygems" #If you're running pre-1.9
  require "au3"
  
  window = AutoItX3::Window.new("Run")
  edit = window.active_control
  edit.click
===A note about encodings
This is important: If you're working with Ruby 1.9 (like me, for example), 
you may have become used to encode your files in UTF-8. You'll 
run into problems when referencing window and control texts which 
contain non-ASCII characters. For instance, the German equivalent 
for the "Run" window is called "Ausführen". Now, if you try 
something like the follwowing you will get an error saying that 
the window can't be found: 
  window = AutoItX3::Window.new("Ausführen")
Instead, you must encode the window titles in your local 
encoding (what can be easily done by String's #encode method). 
This works: 
  #Windows-1252 is the German standard encoding in Windows
  window = AutoItX3::Window.new("Ausführen".encode("Windows-1252"))
==Don't know where to start?
Have a look at the documentation of the AutoItX3 module. 
+au3+ is well documented and even if you don't find something 
useful, you may just want to play around with it. ;-)
==Copyright
  Copyright © 2009 Marvin Gülker
  Licensed under the same terms as Ruby (see http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/LICENSE.txt )
    Initia in potestate nostra sunt, de eventu fortuna iudicat. 
==License
    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of Ruby's license. 

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See 
    Ruby's license for more details. 