=History of au3
Important changes are marked <b>bold</b>. Bugfixes are written <i>italic</i>. 

==0.1.2
*  <i>Fixed a typo and a bug in window.rb which made Window.select_menu_item raising errors. Also enhanced documentation of this method. Thanks to sdavis26 for reporting. </i>

==0.1.1
*  Corrected documentation main page set by the Rakefile
* <b>Added ##method_missing to the AutoItX3 module to allow shortcuts like <tt>AutoItX3.ctrl_c</tt>. </b>
* Renamed test_tray.rb to test_misc.rb
* Added sleep test
* <i>Control#enabled? and Control#visible? never returned true. This has been fixed. </i>
* Added a control test
* Added a test for the ::set_option method. 
* Added a test for the ::method_missing shortcut trick

==0.1.0
* <b>Changed the API to use win32-api now instead of a C extension</b>
* <b>Added wide, wide!, normal and normal! to Ruby's String class</b>
* Added the AutoItX3::AU3_Function class
* <b>Added a block form to set_opt and opt that resets the options after executing the code block</b>
* <b>Added an optional third parameter to AutoItX3.get_pixel_color for returning hexadecimal strings</b>
* Changed the default value of the second parameter of send_keys from 0 to false, according to Ruby's style
* Changed the return value of run_as_set to nil instead of true
* Added Window.functions and Window.functions= to avoid multiple AU3_Function objects for different instances of Window
* <b>Added Window#valid? as an alias for Window#exists?</b>
* Changed the return value of Control#click to nil instead of true
* Changed the return value of Control#disable to nil instead of true
* Changed the return value of Control#enable to nil instead of true
* Changed the return value of Control#focus to nil instead of true
* Changed the return value of Control#hide to nil instead of true
* Changed the return value of Control#move to nil instead of true
* Added Control.from_control to allow Controls to be transformed into a subclass