=au3
<tt>.au3</tt> is the usual file extension for {AutoIt version 3}[http://www.autoitscript.com/autoit3/index.shtml] 
scripts. That this library uses it as its name, tells a lot about 
its features. Basically, the +au3+ library can do everything 
you can do with the <tt>.au3</tt> files: 
* Automate the mouse
* Automate the keyboard
* Manipulate Windows
* etc. 
However, there a a few exceptions, since +au3+ doesn't use 
the AutoIt v3 interpreter behind the scenes. Instead, +au3+ is wrapped 
around the DLL interface of AutoIt3, known as AutoItX3. 
==DLL problems: So to use this
As said, au3 is wrapped around AutoItX3. To get au3 working, you have 
to have the file "AutoItX3.dll" somewhere in your PATH. The simplest way 
to get this is just to download AutoIt from http://www.autoitscript.com 
and copy the AutoItX3.dll file from the AutoItX subdirectory into the 
directory your script resides in. Or, if you don't want to copy the file 
over and over again, put it in your Ruby's bin directory. 
==Usage
The majority of +au3+'s methods is bundled the AutoItX3 module 
and accessable via it's module methods. In order to get them, 
just require +au3+: 
  require "au3"
  
  AutoItX3.move_mouse(100, 100)
The window-related methods are put together in the 
AutoItX3::Window class. That allows you to create 
Rubyish Window objects rather than using the procedural 
function interface of AutoItX3. You needn't have to require them 
extra. 
  require "au3"
  
  window = AutoItX3::Window.new("au3") #The beginning of a window's title is enough
  window.close
Version 3 of AutoIt is known for its capabilities of direct 
interaction with a window's controls. You will find this methods 
wrapped in the AutoItX3::Control class. 
  require "au3"
  
  window = AutoItX3::Window.new("Un") #Unnamed, Unbenannt, whatever, this should be a notepad window...
  window.activate
  edit = window.focused_control
  edit.text = "ABCDEFG"
===A note about encodings
This is important: During working with Ruby 1.9 (like me, for example), 
you may have become used to encode your files in UTF-8. You'll 
run into problems when referencing window and control texts which 
contain non-ASCII characters. For instance, the German equivalent 
for the "Run" window is called "Ausführen". Now, if you try 
something like the following you will get an error saying that 
the window can't be found: 
  window = AutoItX3::Window.new("Ausführen")
Instead, you must encode the window titles in your local 
encoding (what can be easily done by String's #encode method). 
This works: 
  #Windows-1252 is the German standard encoding in Windows
  window = AutoItX3::Window.new("Ausführen".encode("Windows-1252"))
Alternatively you can encode your whole sourcefile in your locale encoding. 
===AutoIt problems in Vista
I made the experience that the AutoItX3 API seems to have some problems in 
Windows Vista. I tried to run this code: 
  require "au3"
  AutoItX3.move_mouse(100, 100)
but nothing happened. As I found out, this does only happen when I 
try running from my programming editor (SciTE); when I run the script 
from the command line, everything worked fine. So, if your script does not 
work as expected and seems to leave out parts, try running it from the console. 
==Don't know where to start?
Have a look at the documentation of the AutoItX3 module. 
+au3+ is well documented and even if you don't find something 
useful, you may just want to play around with it. ;-)
==Copyright
  Copyright © 2009 Marvin Gülker
  Licensed under the same terms as Ruby (see http://www.ruby-lang.org/en/LICENSE.txt )
    Initia in potestate nostra sunt, de eventu fortuna iudicat. 
==License
    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of Ruby's license. 

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See 
    Ruby's license for more details. 